Adding new terms (#49)
lhcb/glossary: glossary/D.md

# D

## DaVinci {#DaVinci}

Event selection and data analysis application. [Project website](http://lhcbdoc.web.cern.ch/lhcbdoc/davinci/).

## DecFile: decay file {#DecFile}

> A file that defines the properties of a specific decay, from which the options file for Gauss is generated. Filename extension: ```.dec```. The decay file for a specific process is named with a "nickname". For example, ```Bd_KpiKpi=TightCut.dec```. The options file for Gauss, generated from the decay file, has a naming convention: ```<EventType>.py``` (see. «EventType»).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A file that defines the properties of a specific decay or a set of decay chains of one or several particles. Such ```.dec``` option files are used by «Gauss» to determine what exactly gets generated. In LHCb the decay file for a specific process is named with a "nickname". For example, ```Bd_KpiKpi=TightCut.dec```. The options file for «Gauss», generated from the decay file, has a naming convention: ```<EventType>.py``` (see. «EventType»).
```

> For the Standard Model particles the properties are taken from the ```DECAY.DEC`` file, that follows pdg values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Standard Model particles the properties are taken from the "master file" ```DECAY.DEC``, which contains the full set of decay chains know to and used within LHCb by EvtGen. 
```

# D

## DaVinci {#DaVinci}

Event selection and data analysis application. [Project website](http://lhcbdoc.web.cern.ch/lhcbdoc/davinci/).

> ##DecFile {#DecFile}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## DecFile {#DecFile}
```

Reviewer: It might be a good idea to also define "Decay file" and refer to this entry. We do that in other places IIRC.

A file that defines the properties of a specific decay, from which the options file for Gauss is generated. Filename extension: ```.dec```. The decay file for a specific process is named with a "nickname". For example, ```Bd_KpiKpi=TightCut.dec```. The options file for Gauss, generated from the decay file, has a naming convention: ```<EventType>.py``` (see. «EventType»).
For the Standard Model particles the properties are taken from the ```DECAY.DEC`` file, that follows pdg values. 
The list of all decay files available can be found [here](http://lhcbdoc.web.cern.ch/lhcbdoc/decfiles/). 

> ## Delphes {#Delphes}

Reviewer 2: The attempt to adapt Delphes to LHCb was abandoned after a review. We have Lamarr instead now.

Author: I've added a reference to this talk:
https://cds.cern.ch/record/2699550/files/davis_fast_simulations_at_lhcb_v3%2004.11.pdf
Alternatively, we could refer to this figure document
https://cds.cern.ch/record/2696310/files/LHCb-FIGURE-2019-017.pdf
These two document were the most referred two from what I found. Would that be working or do we want something more note- or paper-like?
